Mr. Yan, what's the matter with you coming to me?
What did he just mean?
What a heartless man
Did you know me before?
Of course we have.
I'm your wife's sister
That's all.
Or else?
Don't you have anything else to tell me?
What else can I tell you?
Wish you and my sister a happy wedding?
What a coincidence
I'm going abroad on your wedding day
I can't attend your wedding
Mr. Yan, my girlfriend needs to rest
Please come back.
green
Ye Shiqing treats you like this, will you let him go like this?
Senior, he is not wrong.
It can only be said that God's will tricks people
I've thought about it.
If you are also on your new wedding day
Still don't remember my words
I'll go to a country with you
Never come back
OK, I'll book the flight now.
Mom?
What do you mean?
You already have a mother
I don't like him!
Come on.
The plane takes off in two hours
So Ye Shiqing still didn't inspire me
I lost the bet.
After today
I am Mrs. Yan
No one wants to shake my position